welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to take all our lycanthropic
rules and toss them out the back door
as we take a look at the 2017 super camp
follow up to wolf cop
another wolf cop even though there's
still only one
and consider hitting that like button if
you've ever wanted to rip off someone's
back flap
let's get to it we opened on an
attractive and successful man
commending us on how smart we are to
entrust our well-being to him
this is of course a commercial for
chicken milk beer
a fancy new microbrew in the subsequent
events we learned that mr swallows
ceo of the parent company of the brewery
is releasing this beverage as part of a
48-hour plan related to some sort of a
broadcast
they just need their alpha subject for
testing purposes and they should be
good to go we then cut the wolf cop
chasing some guys in a delivery van they
exchange gunfire but are only able to
slow him down with a rocket launcher
they successfully jam up his ride but
not before he ejected himself onto the
top of their box truck teen wolf style
elsewhere tina now the woodhaven police
chief is showing her new rookie scott
the ropes covering all the basics like
the best spot in town to acquire
slurpees
meanwhile lou is busy dispatching the
henchman and it looks like the last guy
well yeah we learned from tina that
they're playing the whole wolf cop
situation as a local legend but then
their worlds collide as a rolling
shootout drives by
requiring them to take off in pursuit
but even though lou finishes his
business and helpfully pulls the truck
over into a parking space they barely
keep
up and are only able to piece together
what transpired from the pieces of
people that are strewn about
back tina immediately heads to lose lair
to give him an earful about this
he promised to stay tucked away and also
to not commit mass murder but the
evidence collected as a result of his
careful and meticulous detective work
imply that there's some sort of
shapeshifter shenanigans going down
then through radio voiceover we learned
that mr swallows has been investing
heavily in the town's infrastructure
setting up shop in their defunct brewery
and or even opening a hockey rink for
the benefit of its citizens
under this context as they go about
clearing out the massacre evidence mayor
rich pops over to the station to try to
convince the officers that all this
influx of cash is good for the town and
to try to peer pressure the officers
into slamming some chicken milk while on
duty
slam a cool [ __ ] he was hoping in light
of the blood-soaked van behind them
they might make an effort to ensure
there's no undue negative attention
scaring off the shareholders
back at his warehouse lou cracks open
the package from the back of the truck
and determines it to be full of goo
wanting to make sure he provides
up-to-the-minute preliminary reporting
he turns his back on it to check in with
tina when he circles around he discovers
the goo
to contain willy and they have a
touching reunion after getting wiped
down
willy tries to recount what he can
remember about the shapeshifter
abduction
and imprisonment with its abundance of
bulbous shafts and enthusiastic probing
he has a momentary crisis
how long was i gone for about what he
missed while he was in stasis
but he has to run off when his gi puts
him at risk of evacuating some goo
into his gitch back at the evil lair we
see they're in the process of tuning up
a special automaton they want to unleash
on the town to keep the law busy while
they do their thing
so while lou is out at the local donut
shop convenience store
looking for some supplies for willy
frank arrives at the local gentlemen's
club the patrons of which pay him no
mind
due to the variety of distractions
already available to them
lou returns to his den so he can be
secured ahead of his transformation
while he goes through his normal changes
in defiance of standard lore
willie we learn is in the bathroom
losing the battle with his lower colon
we also see that frank is in the process
of starting some trouble downtown
so while lou settles into an uneventful
evening of medical dramas willie wakes
up feeling somewhat better until he
finds he has new friend who's talking to
him which is a bit surreal
he decides to head out in search of some
duct tape but runs into his unrequited
love tina
in the interest of regaining her trust
after what his shapeshifter did he comes
clean
unzipping his coveralls and giving her a
friendly how-do meanwhile the rookies
have responded to the call at the strip
club where they meet frank who we find
shows mercy when his scanner reveals
that scott is similarly with a pupil
stage worm child
tina intends to handle this on her own
however while willy works to control his
new appendage lou deputizes him and
hitches a ride to the club
when they enter they discover that frank
is impervious to gunfire and can also
take
quite a bit of punching and clawing
despite the mounting evidence that they
will be unable to damage him
tina decides that double pistolas is the
way to go but as we come to learn
fire is really the only option here tina
then stays behind to clean up the mess
while willy tries to find help for lou's
pulverized face
he visits his sister cat who crushes up
some moon rocks and by his certified
faith healer's orders
administers it via his sinuses and then
recommends some rest
back in woodhaven tina is working on
putting together pieces of evidence
and comes to the realization that the
recent happenings must be
somehow related to the also recent
popularization of chicken milk
lou and crew decide to continue to heal
while drinking and willie regales him
with tales of he and his sister's
upbringing as she presents to lou from
the bar they have to leave shortly after
arriving when willy's new friend starts
acting up
he tries to relax at home and see if
getting slick willie high might take
some of the edge off but then he gets
edged up again when lou and cat return
and make it painfully obvious that it's
going down for real
sure enough cats trips down twice
acquainting us with her true fursona and
they get to it
willie tries cranking the volume to
drown out their passionate noises but
the broadcast
has an impact on young willy who starts
to spaz out and threatens to burst
forth from his hole meanwhile back in
town the mayor arrives at what he
assumes to be a hockey rink and slams a
cold [ __ ] and excited anticipation of
receiving his brief case of money but
pregnant with the chicken milk swallows
hits him with the magical frequency that
calls forth his tummy buddy
although his does not start out nearly
as bro-like as willy's
we also see the police were there to
investigate and tina makes the call to
retreat
however daisy doesn't respond quickly
enough resulting in her getting nabbed
bag at cats before they can finish
wallowing in their post-coital musk
willie calls them out for some
assistance he's trying to pin down slick
willy who is transformed into a more
negative version of himself
lou successfully distracts him with his
supple neck skins
allowing cat to shoot him off cat
immediately recognizes this as a baby
shapeshifter
meaning that huge trouble is bruin then
lou gets the call from tina essentially
confirming that trouble has already
boiled over so as the whole town
prepares for the season opener tina
gears up for a huge bust they need all
the force they can muster
so in the absence of a full moon willy
breaks out the moon rock
they arrive at the big game slipping
incognito into various
undercover positions swallows then steps
up to the podium to provide his opening
statement
about how blessed they all are to have
him interested in their little loser
town
he then introduces them to their new
home team and they all ready up for the
opening bell this involves oregano
performing the anthem in conjunction
with one of those little broadcasting
devices the resulting effect
is an entire audience succumbing to
severe bouts of bubble gut which could
be viewed as a commentary on his
performance
as the children emerge the game proceeds
as normal but not for long willy busts
into the announcer's booth to shut down
the transmission and destroy the
organist at the same time lou reveals
himself on the ice and they work to
clear out the townsfolk
high as hell on that moon dust lou then
impales a couple of hockey gents and
then pulls a significant back flap
off another on the sidelines tina
wrestles briefly with whoever this was
supposed to be
before willy shoots her off then while
in an action lull they are distracted by
the fact that daisy is still being held
hostage
while swallows sends out the rest of the
team this requires willie to borrow a
fan site so he can crush up a heaping
helping of moon dust to keep lou going
he lucks out and that this isn't just a
prop sight then he's able to use it to
eviscerate the rest of the team
unfortunately that one lady shows back
up in a rink tank and slowly approaches
elsewhere tina catches up with swallows
to arrange the return of his hostage
she stands him down and he gives daisy
back but then reveals the whole place is
wired to blow so if she wants a chance
at survival she is required to let him
leave
while back on the rink lou is getting
torn down with a 50 cow and is about to
be slowly crushed under the tank's
treads but he is saved at the last
moment by cat
who is a wolf which is part of the
canaan family and that
bugs me probably way more than it should
while lou is revived on a double shot of
moon dust laced moonshine the
cheerleaders get their arcs concluded
with a sloppy murder on the ice
then tina and daisy return to everyone
having a good hearty belly laugh and she
explains the situation to them so they
can run out right as the whole place
goes up in flames
then they all crack open some cold ones
and just watch the place burn
when morning comes we find that they've
been doing this all night and then they
all agree to drive off to a bar where
they can continue their celebration of
definitive plot closure
but as we drift off to sleep with the
credits rolling we're treated to a
mid-credit scene where we observe as the
henchman from the first movie who lost
his face
is being released from hospice after a
fresh transplant surgery he's looking
like a million bucks
unfortunately as he steps out to take
his shuttle he's smeared over the
concrete by wolfcop providing us the
closure that we so dearly desired
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch just a quick note that i've added
an uncensored review of under the skin
as another benefit for donation
i'd like to give a huge thanks to my
donors memorialized in the hall of head
shots
[Music]
i don't know i liked wolf cop a great
deal and i certainly appreciate what the
director was going for with the sequel
i'm just not sure that trying really
hard to be intentionally bizarre is good
enough for a sequel to a film that was
much more grounded especially when
that's part of what made the original so
good
also i got a sense that maybe lowell
dean didn't really get what made the
original film popular or
possibly misunderstood how to capitalize
on it for instance in the original there
was a brief scene where willy tried to
convince lou to drop his gitch
it was a pretty funny and charming scene
but was also natural and unforced it
seems dean took the approach saying oh
you like to hear about gitches well
you're in luck because the sequel is
going to feature them prominently in a
variety of areas
and it gets to be a bit much and sucks a
bit of the fun out of it if you enjoyed
the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching